[SYCLomatic] Re-implement query-api-mapping feature. (#1130)
oneapi-src/SYCLomatic: clang/examples/DPCT/README.md

# How to add API mapping cases

- Add the API mapping cases of different librerays in corresponding folder.

> - Make sure the file name is the same as the query API name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure the file name is format as API_Name.cu.

```

> 

Reviewer: content of API_name.cu, please give an example, and for the example, please highlight the note on each part:
1. function define 
2. Arg list and comments. 
3. put calls between "// start" and "// end", all other code, don't put in this scope.
4. how and when "// option" is required.

- Only the code between the `// Start` and the `// End` will be print when using `--query-api-mapping`.

> - Need format the code for better output.

Reviewer: please format the code.
